another day passes by and yet another
ICO
on the horizon you came here for the
truth today I want to talk about a
subject I've mentioned before so
previously I'd mentioned to you publicly
that I get offers all the time
in my inbox constantly overloaded with
different offers one of those type of
offers are from cryptocurrencies and
icos
today's latest offer was some new one
called something along the lines of
unicorn or a unit coin and essentially
Mark Cuban and Ashton Kutcher have got
together and created some sort of block
chain based betting site and this is the
new ICO the new flavor of the week so
what the email said was essentially this
is huge you need to be a part of it
let's collaborate you can make a video
on this we'll get together and here are
some links few points let's do this
get in touch with me now I have yet to
reply to that person but unfortunately I
won't be doing any information on it
except perhaps this might be considered
promotional but the reason I mentioned
this to you is that when you look at the
alternative news you have to understand
that they may feel the incentive here
they may feel the desire to do a video
about it perhaps harmless that's not
what I do on this channel and you know
that by now but if you look out there
there are a lot of channels that are
recommending different AI seals and
that's not a problem I don't I don't
have any judgment on that whatsoever
but we need to understand the incentive
behind that are they receiving any funds
for it and do they really understand
what's underlying it that's what I want
to know if you're interviewing the
creator or somebody you involved in it
and you're asking them questions totally
different we want to find out
information we want to know if this is
good but if you're just doing a video
about it to get the publicity as sort of
an advertisement and maybe if you don't
even have an opinion on it but you're
just basically doing an advertisement
that's not something I do I'm not
judging or understanding I'm not judging
those are those individuals I'm just
trying to warn you because you may not
have your own YouTube channel you may
have not have your own bunch of
subscribers until you're not getting
these type of emails so I'm trying to
warn you ton make you understand how
this all works that's what I try to do
it giving you the behind-the-scenes I'm
giving you the truth it's much more
beneficial financially if I would just
say yes to all these offers that's the
way it works however I feel it to be a
little bit disingenuous to basically
just accept money or whatever they're
giving cryptocurrencies or whatever and
I just can't in good conscience do that
my whole goal was to create books to
create programs and then create videos
where people would enjoy the videos then
perhaps they would go and get my books
my whole plan was to create a whole slew
of books and ebooks and everything I was
taking a lot longer than it would hope
to basically create a whole educational
platform for people so that we could
basically put the schools out of
business but let's pretend you didn't
hear that from me
and that's my goal anyway so when I try
to make you understand this hope that
you understand this is coming from the
heart that I'm trying to basically just
explain my situation the offers are
coming every day every day more and more
and I'm sure that as time goes on and
hopefully the channel will continue to
grow and as a result there may be even
more offers and I just see it as being a
good thing for the channel but I'm going
to last eye something good unless I'm
interviewing the creator or someone
involved and I want to get some
information then then I could do that
but I don't do interviews here on the
channel never done one and I've been
offered many times to do interviews with
different people but I generally just
have to politely say no that's generally
the way this works that's all I want to
talk about fit today just just look off
with that that's all I'm trying to tell
you here I hope that the sound is coming
through clearly some people are saying
that there's too much echo so I'm trying
to use the headset here hopefully that
is a little bit better for you guys
trying to just make it as good as I can
here that's all for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up and take care